add CONTRIBUTING.md (#42)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-azure-integration: CONTRIBUTING.md

We prefer using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for installing dependencies and running scripts.

For proposing changes, use the standard [pull request approach](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request). It's recommended to discuss fixes or new functionality in the Issues, first.

* The `main` and `develop` branches are locked for the push action.
* Releases are created from the `main` branch. If you have Azure Integration set up, it is running code from the `main` branch. Pull requests into the `main` branch are not accepted.
* The `develop` branch functions as a candidate for the next release. Create your pull requests into this branch. The code in `develop` must always pass the tests.

### How to build
* After cloning the repository, run `yarn install` to install dependencies.

* Run `yarn build` to build the project into the `dist` folder. The created `dist/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function.js` and `dist/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function-management/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function-management.js` are meant to be deployed to Azure Functions.

> 

Reviewer: Let's also mention how to run the functions locally:

1. Run `yarn watch`
2. Run `yarn emulate-storage` - storage emulation is required to run the functions locally
3. Run `yarn start`

### How to deploy to Azure Functions

1. Install the [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) and sign in to Azure account according to the [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) guide.

2. Install the [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Cmacos%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#install-the-azure-functions-core-tools).

3. Run
    ```shell
    func azure functionapp publish <AppFunctionName>
    ```
    where `<AppFunctionName> is a Azure Function App name in the Azure account.

> You can invoke the function from your local environment using the [start command](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Cmacos%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#start) in Azure Functions Core Tools.

Reviewer: Will this work for sure? For now, when I want to deploy the function app, first have to build the functions via `yarn run build`, and then `cd dist && func azure functionapp publish function-app-name`

# Contributing to FingerprintJS Pro Azure Integration

## Working with code

We prefer using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for installing dependencies and running scripts.

For proposing changes, use the standard [pull request approach](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request). It's recommended to discuss fixes or new functionality in the Issues, first.

> * The `main` and `develop` branches are locked for the push action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You cannot push directly into the `main` and `develop` branches. 
```

> * Releases are created from the `main` branch. If you have Azure Integration set up, it is running code from the `main` branch. Pull requests into the `main` branch are not accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Releases are created from the `main` branch. If you have the Azure Integration set up, it is running code from the `main` branch. Pull requests into the `main` branch are not accepted.
```

* The `develop` branch functions as a candidate for the next release. Create your pull requests into this branch. The code in `develop` must always pass the tests.

### How to build
* After cloning the repository, run `yarn install` to install dependencies.

* Run `yarn build` to build the project into the `dist` folder. The created `dist/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function.js` and `dist/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function-management/fingerprintjs-pro-azure-function-management.js` are meant to be deployed to Azure Functions.

### How to deploy to Azure Functions

1. Install the [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) and sign in to Azure account according to the [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) guide.

2. Install the [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Cmacos%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#install-the-azure-functions-core-tools).

3. Build the project.

> 4. Go to `dist` directory and run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Go to the `dist` directory and run
```

    ```shell
    func azure functionapp publish <AppFunctionName>
    ```

>     where `<AppFunctionName> is a Azure Function App name in the Azure account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    where `<AppFunctionName>` is a Azure Function App name in the Azure account.
```

You can invoke the function from your local environment using the [start command](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Cmacos%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#start) in Azure Functions Core Tools.

> ### How to run function locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to run the function locally
```

> * You can run and debug the function locally via [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-develop-local). The project has a command `yarn start` to do that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Run `yarn start` to run and debug the function locally via [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-develop-local).
```

> * [Azurite](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azurite?tabs=visual-studio) could be used to emulate Azure Storage account. The project's command is `yarn emulate-storage`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can run `yarn emulate-storage` to locally emulate your Azure Storage account using [Azurite](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azurite?tabs=visual-studio). 
```

### Code style

Consistent code formatting is enforced by [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) and [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). To check your code, run:
```shell
yarn lint
```

You don't need to do this manually, CI runs the check automatically. To fix all auto-fixable issues at once, run:
```shell
yarn lint:fix
```

### Commit style

You are required to follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org) rules.

### How to release a new version

> The workflow `release.yml` is responsible for releasing a new version. It has to be run on `develop` branch, and at the end it will create a release and a PR to `main` branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workflow `release.yml` is responsible for releasing a new version. It has to be run on the `develop` branch, and at the end, it will create a release and a PR to the `main` branch.
```
